Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it's time for the Thursday afternoon,
Monday morning podcast just before Friday.
And Ah.
Oh,
just shook it.
Are you guys,
how's your week going?
Oh,
that's one.
did that happen?
All that's too bad.
Fucking shake it off,
Huh?
All right.
Come on.
You moved out.
All right.
Your parents aren't there anymore to picky up.
Dust you off and make you a little fucking ham sandwich.
Maybe PB and j,
whatever it was.
Huh?
They're not there anymore.
Yeah.
Okay.
Can you were on your own,
just time for you to toughen the fuck up.
Yeah.
Go home to your apartment and you can have a little cry.
Um,
I know what I'm talking about.
Ah,
I'm in New York City here.
I'm getting ready for a couple of shows here in the New York comedy festival.
I'm doing the Goddamn comedy jam tomorrow.
And uh,
and then I'm doing my Gig,
um,
down the street.
They had the garden on Saturday and then that's it.
Oh,
Billy red face itch.
The holiday season.
Dooby dooby Doo.
I'm already mentally drinking eggnog.
This is my last two fucking road gigs of the year.
And uh,
then,
uh,
basically I am in town,
I'm in La and I get to hang with my dog,
my beautiful wife just fucking chill out.
And you know what I'm going to be doing?
I'm going to the gym every day cause I been eating like a fucking animal.
I just been it fucking eat like an animal,
but it's not bad.
I'm on,
I'm probably like a buck 75 or something as opposed to being up close to a buck
90.
So I'm stopping it right here.
It stops today,
um,
before it gets too out of control and a,
I'm going to go back down again.
So,
um,
that is my goal.
But who gives a fuck about that?
So I know what you gotta be thinking.
You know that I'm a fucking sports fan.
You know that I love the dimpled wondered Tom Brady,
right?
Old Chin dimple himself.
You gotta be thinking,
well,
Bill Tom Brady and the fucking New England patriots are playing the New York
football giants on Sunday was all fucking Eli manning the football gods,
right?
Hello.
Eli fumbles the ball.
It bounces right back and do his own head.
He throws up
a giant catches up.
Dennis Act called touchdown giants.
Oh my God.
Thank God.
I say Blah,
blah,
blah.
All right,
we're playing him.
Eli Fades back to pass.
He throws his arm back,
the ball comes out of his hand,
goes off the refs Dick,
back to fucking Eli.
It's a down the field without luck.
Touchdown.
Um,
I get booked.
Some dumb reason.
I'm going to go to this game.
Football Gods Love Eli Manning.
I'm not saying he's not a fucking great quarterback.
The Mat is just draws a hell of a fucking bolt,
but I'm just saying
Eli fades back to pass and it sac for a loss.
There's a flag on the field.
Personal file gives a giants a first down
Eli page,
back to pass.
Here comes the rush.
She rolls up,
he throws a duck.
The quarterback Ms Times is lands on his head,
cats and got cash.
Okay,
I'll tell you Mike,
boy,
I'm going to the fucking game.
I just want to see how the fuck he's going to beat assist type.
Okay.
It's not going to be just a regular fucking play.
Okay?
Anytime.
Hey,
Eli fades back to pass,
throws it to us.
Sunday Samuel hits him in both his head dead,
eight drops.
How does he like doing?
Hey,
throw interception and it was dropped.
Um,
nightmares.
Nightmares or this guy.
So I'm just wondering how the fuck,
what weird God damn way are we going to lose
it is one of the great things about sports.
I mean,
what are the fucking odds that when we filed,
we're going to fucking play him again?
It's The Sunday night game.
Everybody wants to see it and we're going to begin to feed it just like we were
when we were 18.
And,
all right,
it's going to be fucking tremendous.
And I'm going to go there and I'm going to root for the Patriots,
but I'm not going to be an asshole.
I'm not wearing any patriots paraphernalia.
I mean,
certainly not this one.
It gets so much fucking shit.
But I,
I would,
I,
yeah,
you're right.
You guys fucking own us.
What do you want from me?
I'm hoping it turns around today,
but I'm calling it right now.
Okay.
I don't know how long he liked and have that horseshoe up his ass,
but at some point the fucking,
the slippers got to turn into a pumpkin or whatever the fucking fairy tale is
some fucking point.
The lox got a swing our way.
Right.
So anyways,
I'm going to that game.
I'm actually really looking forward to it.
I haven't been to the new giants stadium and uh,
as I told you guys for a long time,
I have actually a closet,
a New York giant fans.
I like all the defensive teams,
you know what I mean?
And uh,
I love the giants linebackers in the,
uh,
eighties.
I wasn't a big film McConkie Fan.
He just got a little bit too excited.
I thought he stole John Oates look.
And uh,
I dunno that I knew he wanted to score a touchdown and Bavaro picks him up and
spins him around like they were a couple of figure skaters.
I mean,
I just,
I just wasn't into it.
I liked the viral though.
Um,
okay.
But Harry Carson,
was it Brad Van Pelt?
I liked Eileena there.
There that's,
but that's fucking football history man.
You're going back to those.
I like those old NFL teams though.
Cleveland Browns,
Cleveland Rams.
Um,
the packers,
right.
The old school shit colts when they were in Baltimore.
You know what sucks about the NFL.
They do everything pretty much.
Right.
Um,
I don't,
I the last few years,
so with all this pink shit in the fucking military stuff,
just making money hand over fist on cancer in war,
it's just a little weird.
Um,
but I just wish that they would talk about the old NFL more.
They never taught.
All the other sports really seem to respect the history.
And for some reason the NFL acts like nothing really happened prior to the NFL
and the AFL merger and that it became the Superbowl error.
And it just seems like everything is just about that.
You get a little bit of Jim Brown,
he get a little bit of cults,
giants,
Yankee Stadium,
greatest game ever played.
Um,
you know,
a little Dick Butkus Gayle Sares and of course the packers.
But I mean that,
that's it.
You get nothing.
You fucking watch baseball.
Every time he put on fucking baseball.
This saint boy,
oh boy.
And I went to Ebbets field and holy macrolide to dodge some trolleys.
That's why they're the Dodgers to trolley Dodgers.
And we went there and boy,
oh boy,
Babe Ruth came down.
They always fucking talking about it,
right?
Hockey's forever show in Montreal.
Canadiens rocket Rashard that bumble motherfucker,
whatever his name is,
Toronto Maple Leaf Gardens.
Everybody shows the old shit night basketball show the fucking Celtics run
around.
But granted,
that's the same fucking period,
right?
Is a super.
For some reason the NFL just acts like that doesn't exist.
They don't count the NFL championships,
thus making the Steelers,
the Yankees,
Canadian Celtics have a football rather than the packers who it should be.
You know,
Bill,
you've presented this argument numerous times and nobody cares.
All right?
It's just something I was talking about.
Let's talk about some dumb shit.
Let's talk about those Starbucks cups.
They used to have like snow flakes and reindeer on them.
Um,
I actually understand why people were fucking offended by that.
You know,
it's fucking annoying.
I don't understand how religion can be offensive and it's not even the religion.
Right.
But it kind of is because that Santa Claus Shit,
that's the shit that Christians tell their kids.
You know Santa Claus,
you know,
you,
Oh,
you better watch out.
You better not cry.
You better not pout.
I'm telling you why Santa Claus is coming to town.
He has some silver bells.
He has some mistletoe,
he's riding along in a one horse open sleigh for goodness sake.
Oh,
Dasher,
dancer,
prancer and vixen,
Johnny Mathis and something else.
Um,
yeah,
that's what you tell your kids before you're ready to tell them the real made up
story about a Jesus died for your sins.
And I just don't understand.
Like somewhere along the line,
what should somebody want?
Merry Christmas became like offensive.
Like if somebody said to me,
you know,
happy Hanukkah,
happy Kwanzaa,
I wouldn't be looking at clinician.
That's offensive.
Don't say that to me.
She fucking religion.
It's what you say around the holidays.
I don't have a problem with it.
Well,
you get so fucking politically correct.
You can't even have a fucking snowflake in a rain day or on it
because some poor baby has a fucking menorah or a fucking whatever the fuck else
you got going on this time of year and it gives a fuck put on manure on it.
I don't give a shit.
Okay.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine being so fucking childish that you've fucking,
if there's a god Damn Cup in it and they got some fucking Christmas shit from a
different religion,
that for some reason that ruins your experience going to a coffee house to the
point that they have to change the cup.
It's not that it's a Red Cup.
It's not that they,
whether they have it or not,
it's why they change it.
I think if that's even the fucking story,
that's as far as I could tell,
and I gotta be honest with you,
like stories like that is when liberals love to come out with this smug fucking
looks on their faces,
you know,
like dead fucking broad there that dancers around and shit,
she is big.
It should to cut bitch.
It's a cup,
whatever,
you know,
it's just a zillion fucking people that are of that religion,
that kind of like the little snowflake in a ranger.
Yeah.
Fuck all of them.
But this fucking guy over here becomes a woman.
Then all of a sudden everybody's supposed to fucking,
you know what I mean?
It doesn't make any sense.
They're all about like,
if one person has a fucking problem,
then they're like,
oh,
everybody needs to stop.
But if everybody's into one thing,
they're like,
yeah,
fuck you.
One thing,
I don't understand that math on it.
Yeah.
Ketchup.
You respectful to everyone.
Um,
I probably missed the whole point of that fucking story,
but as far as I realize that people,
you know,
they took off snowflakes and reindeers because somebody in fucking,
I don't know where bitched that the cup hurt their feelings last Christmas.
Is that what happened?
You know,
Bill kind of helps if you actually know what the story is before you have a
strong point of view on it,
or at least allowed point of view,
oh fuck you,
fuck you in the holiday season.
I'm just glad I don't fucking drink coffee.
What a fucking waste of time that is.
You know what I mean?
I'm not saying it's not delicious.
Once you get over how bitter it is and you've got to pour a pound of fucking
sugar in it.
I'm just saying the amount of times you just see people standing in these
fucking lines at the airport or outside of Starbucks and you like,
is Bruce Springsteen in there?
Is he playing that coffee house?
Cause that's the only fucking reason you could ever explain standing in a line
that fuck fucking long to be like,
let me get a Frickin Frappe,
a Copa Mocha,
whatever the fuck you guys get junkies.
Do you understand that?
I wouldn't stand in a line like that for beer liar.
I've done it at games.
At least they get a good buzz going.
Right.
Well I guess coffee is a drug too.
Yeah.
Geez.
I'm just really destroying all my opinions here this week.
Right?
You guys don't even need to do it.
I always feel bad for those,
but I don't feel bad for him.
She's like,
why like that?
That alone would be enough to quit.
You know what I mean?
Speaking of which I'll read face said he was done with cigars and I think I am.
I just fucking,
I just can't deal with that the whole next day and my mouth tastes like a
fucking ashtray.
I oded on them.
I'm done.
So,
um,
last night I was actually a,
Oh,
you know what I did this week?
I was,
oh,
Billy Broadway.
I was here in New York.
And uh,
I never go to Broadway shows because I think they stink.
You know what?
I want to see a bunch of lions running around talking to cats and then singing a
song about it.
Right?
Why,
why would I want to do that now?
Like I think that they stink.
I just,
um,
I know,
but everybody's singing and dances maybe just reminds me of what a pessimistic
cunt I am.
So I have a hard time sitting there.
Right?
But I'll go see a play if a play is good.
Plays a Batman.
Back in the day somebody said,
hey man,
I want you to go to a play.
You're like,
oh my God,
I'd rather hit your band play,
you know,
fucking horrific.
Right.
But I've actually seen some really good ones on a Tuesday night.
I went to go see fool for love,
which is a Sam Shepard play.
I hope I say this name right.
Starring Nina Arianda and Sam Rockwell.
And,
um,
I know what you guys are thinking like,
oh,
Bill,
what do you,
what do you think you're too good for us now you're going to go see a play on
Broadway where you're wearing a scarf.
You fucking pansy
little fucking pocket square.
Um,
I uh,
what did I do?
I went to go see it.
Uh,
Sam Rockwell is actually doing a voice of one of the characters Vick on,
uh,
in emphasis for family,
which is coming up December 18th.
Everybody looked for the look for the official trailer coming out sometime in
the next 10 days.
I'm all excited over here.
So,
uh,
you know,
he was in a play and I was like,
I got to go down and go see him,
check it out.
Me and you went there and as always see,
absolutely blew us away.
And I was unfamiliar with a Nina Arianda and she was amazing just to fucking
amazing play.
And uh,
you know what's great too is it's about 70 minutes long.
It's a great one to,
to fucking,
you know,
dip your toe in,
cause even if you're not into it,
right,
you just to be like,
all right,
well it's almost over.
You know,
you can get some booze,
right?
You go with the bear and then you get yourself a little shot,
get a little glow going.
Uh,
no,
it was actually,
it was an awesome time.
And then the next night,
last night I went and I saw a hand to God,
swear to God,
I saw a hand to God.
Uh,
Bob Saget was in that one and he's like,
hey,
why don't you come over and fucking check it out?
And he crushed it.
Bob fucking Sagat destroyed and a sexy,
a show written by a standup comedian as Steven Boyer.
And I was talking to him after the show.
He mentioned that he,
uh,
I guess we did a show together to co,
comedy store a long time ago,
but everybody in the cast,
Geneva Carr,
Michael Oberholser,
hope he said his last name right.
We're all fucking hilarious.
And uh,
I saw two Broadway plays and I thoroughly enjoyed myself so you know what I'm
doing today?
I'm going to go out and go buy myself a little scarf,
a top hat and a walk.
Walking cake.
Pretend I'm one of them sophisticate silver there.
You know what I'm saying?
Um,
anyways,
self,
I got two more fucking shows.
I'm doing the Goddamn comedy jam tomorrow,
which is sold out 600 fucking people.
All freckles.
Better not drop the drum sticks on that night.
Um,
it's going to be a great time.
And then on a Saturday,
uh,
when the garden is still empty,
it's going down.
Dude,
I'm going to,
I got a drum kit in there and some of the guys from the comedy jam are going to
come over and a in an empty Madison Square Garden.
We're going to play.
We're going to fucking butchers some songs for a good 90 minutes.
And I know what you guys are thinking.
He going to make any video?
Uh,
no I'm not.
No,
I'm gonna.
I'll make a little bit,
but you know,
I already know I stink as a drummer and I don't need it.
Like reaffirmed a thousand times on social media,
epic,
balding,
freckle,
drumming,
fail.
And I know God damn well it will get more hits than any fucking standup special
I ever put out.
It would hurt my feelings.
I'm allowed to be sensitive.
She has the hobby.
Go Fuck yourself a cake.
Why don't you put up a video?
You make an a ship model in a bottle,
whatever is that you do present.
Oh,
turn around job then go,
I've got it on in the background.
I'm in to hook people.
I got a fucking problem now you can't be into hockey and hoop and still have a
relationship.
You know,
you can be single and do that yoga almost gotta be single and unemployed to be
able to like that.
To me,
that's the ultimate sports fan.
Somebody that can,
that can talk intelligently about Nhl and NBA.
Cause both seasons obviously happened simultaneously in his fucking 160 God damn
games between one hockey team and one basketball team.
So around the fucking league,
I don't know how many games that is,
to actually be able to know what the fuck is going on is pretty,
uh,
pretty incredible,
you know,
and obviously I can barely talk intelligently about fucking,
um,
Dnhl although I'm getting better because the face off.com I'm telling you,
you got to go to the site.
I was doing it yesterday.
I was watching the blues,
the blues,
and um,
who was it?
The devils.
I just had this side open head and open to different windows and I had all the
blues on one side and the fucking devil's on the other.
So I knew when that first line was going against their second line and all
that's fucking priceless.
Fucking priceless.
Um,
so anyways,
so let me read a little bit of advertising here.
We're about halfway through and a dude,
I gotta to get my ass back to the fucking gym.
Holy Shit.
What a fucking dope.
You know what?
I've given half of it back.
Okay.
And uh,
I got to stop this time cause I always give it,
I give,
I always give it all back.
You know,
like a fucking degenerate gambler.
You go down to the Black Jack Table,
right?
And you make all that fucking money and Europe and do you go back to the room
now you keep playing to keep playing.
You gave it all back and then son,
Jesus Christ,
these guys are shooting like shit.
Yeah.
MMM.
But anyways,
this is the way to watch NBA hoop by the way too.
You watched the replay,
the fucking blow through it as opposed to the 58 fucking time outs in the end of
the game.
A precinct is to dwell in that,
want to get blown right by.
I think a lot of people thought he's stunned because he looks like Shawn Bradley
the fuck.
Give them the fucking ball.
Sorry.
All right.
I'm a stop watch cause I know it's annoying.
Alright,
there we go.
A couple of reads for this week.
Everybody.
Oh,
they're back.
Everybody club.
Debbie.
Tear club.
W Don't you hate it when your wine looks like a 10 but winds up tasting like a
six or even worse when you walk into the store to pick out your wine,
you could easily be fooled into a situation just like this
sentence always screws me up.
Um,
all right,
well now there's this new wine club club.
Debbie,
a tear my daddy and my dad is proud of me.
Two Term President beat by four years,
they've changed everything.
No more being fooled by wines that pretend to be hotter or tastier than they
actually are.
It's easier,
easy.
It's easy.
Sorry.
You just go to club debbie.com and answer six simple questions.
Their algorithm creates a palate profile just for you.
Then they send wine directly to your door,
perfectly customized to match your tastes.
Glub Debbie,
I could speak Spanish.
Everybody thinks I'm an alcoholic,
but I learned how to do that.
Get the evil doers shot.
Fool me once a is Lee,
the leading is leading the grape to glass wine revolution.
They worked directly with vineyards to cut out the middle man,
which saves you money.
So club Debbie as my vice president over there,
she's making all the decisions.
You get premium wine,
customized your taste at a third of what she paid the store.
They even have a no risk,
a hundred percent guarantee that you'll love.
You love what they send you in writing that club.
Debbie,
I got a ranch and I can speak Spanish all up is offering my listeners 50% off
your first order when you go to club Debbie [inaudible] dot com slash bird to
stop wasting time and money messing around at retail stores and start drinking
wine.
You know,
you're going to love.
Just go to club debbie.com/bird to get 50% off your first order.
That's club Debbie [inaudible] dot com slash burb Oh,
here we go.
The last but not least,
zip fucking rook crew.
Um,
as a business owner,
your company is only as good as the people you hire.
Well,
that's obvious.
You can't debate that posting jobs in one place isn't good enough to find
quality candidates these days.
Short staffing leaves little time to post to dozens of job sites.
Um,
this is why you need zip recruiter.
All right?
If you want to alleviate all of the problems that were just presented in the
first half of that copy,
this is what she could do with Zip fucking recruiter.
You can post to 100 plus job sites with one single click.
Be instantly matched to candidates from over 6 million resumes.
Plus watch a brand new plus watch brand new candidates roll into ZipRecruiter's.
Easy to use interface within 24 hours.
Sip Rook crew has been used by over 400,000 businesses today.
You can try zip recruiter for free.
Go to ziprecruiter.com/burger that's ziprecruiter.com/bar one more time,
ziprecruiter.com/barb.
Um,
all right,
let's get back to the podcast here.
The board guest.
Uh,
so I'm actually gonna meet a friend today for some more high calorie dining for
lunch,
like a fucking dope.
And I had been drinking like a God damn fish.
I went to Sagat show by myself cause my lovely wife was visiting some friends
and uh,
I started off with a Budweiser and a maker's mark and a great way just sipping
along there.
Right as you watched the first you get all the way to the intermission,
he'd go out,
you get yourself another one.
I stayed,
stayed away from the beer though.
I got me another little makers and I sat there and a dude.
I was fucking glowing the whole show.
Maybe that's why I enjoyed both of those performances.
Maybe it wasn't the performances.
Do you think it was the booze out?
It's not true.
May I'm just an alcoholic.
I know I drink like one,
but the thing is,
the reason why I don't think I'm an alcoholic because I can literally just stop
and be like,
all right.
Yeah.
Then I start back up again.
It's because I crave it now is you know why it is.
It's some fucking bored.
Jesus Christ.
Look at her,
my goodness.
The Hornets cheerleaders.
There you go.
God bless him.
One and all four girls and probably make like $11 a fucking game.
Do you know that
out of all the out,
they actually probably make less money than the children that sewed together.
They're fucking mini skirts in the sweatshop and El Salvador.
That's how bad they get fucked over.
And then this is big pipe dream that you know when the Charlotte Hornet calendar
or the Vancouver lady connects calendar comes out that they're going to get a
piece of it and make all this fucking money.
They don't make any fucking money.
Gay.
They heard that cute little feet jumping around doing all the tumble and shit
and then they're not allowed to fuck one of the players and maybe getting to his
pockets.
You know what I mean?
It's like
a gold digging.
A whore would look at that.
Like that's just a dead end job.
That's like a cubicle job for a whore.
But these ladies,
you know,
they like cheering on the teams.
They cat to the amount of fucking money that they're not making cause then
unreal.
When did you think that they get at least a couple of hundred bucks a game?
You know what I mean?
When you get bed Doo,
Doo,
Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo dude,
whatever their fucking saw.
Oh y'all ready for this?
Wang,
man,
whatever the fuck the song is,
right?
Everybody clap your hands to check,
check,
check.
And they'd come out this stomping their little cute feet right there.
Little B Cup,
a cup titties,
right?
It'd be buddies.
Slap your tits.
And they go and they don't make any fucking money.
And they sit there and they still smile.
And if they even look at a planning and a lot of watch the fucking gang,
they gotta have the back to the Goddamn game,
right?
And is the thing too,
if one of those players went out one of those plates,
it's that,
that fucking Lou that we used to be on the,
the Nix.
Is he playing with the Hornets now?
He's got his fucking hair shooting straight up like that big time.
Hollywood producer wins like an Oscar of you five years,
Brendan Glazer Fraser,
and it was fucking name is.
Anyways,
if one of the players would have go out and fuck all of the cheerleaders,
you know what would happen?
They'd get rid of all of the cheerleaders and that's what needs to stop.
I sound like one of those feminists right now.
One of those feminists.
Ladies.
Ladies,
are you tired of working for men?
I use sick of getting paid less money to do the exact same job.
Well,
why don't you get off your cute little ass and start your own business?
When are you going to wake up and realize that men who don't work for themselves
are also getting fucked over?
Quit.
She crying and Ugo higher developed brains to get into business with another
broad and then you too can make zillions of dollars.
You too can have your own yacht that youtube can pour the waste from your
business into the drinking water and claim that you had no idea what was going
on.
You too could then have a fall guy.
Huh?
And you could make it a guy you couldn't unless you think that's unfair to then
make it a fall lady.
I had no idea.
I did not act alone.
Okay.
We put in the back of my car.
Ooh.
Oh this bitch moaning and complaining.
Now I get no sympathy for any of my balding,
redheaded male.
Okay,
go ahead.
Cry me a fucking river.
Oh,
you think you're getting sympathy over here?
Well,
cause it's fucking,
cause it's Christmas time and what's left in my hair is the same color as Santa
suit.
All of a sudden you think you're coming over here and I'm giving out free hugs.
Doesn't work that way.
I'll tell you right now,
I body slam fucking Hillary Clinton.
If I could write her own fucking pants suit right on a table.
Get with the DD.
Take.
I do it just for lying and pretending like you give a shit about people she's
going to get in.
If she gets in,
it's cause she's got a clamp.
I'm telling you right now,
dead,
dead fucking.
It's the only goddamn reason why.
Why?
Why else would you vote for?
Why would you vote for the plumber's wife to come in and fix your sink?
It doesn't make any sense.
Yeah.
You know what I would do if I was abroad,
I'd start my own folly ball league,
you know,
set of trying to get into the NFL.
You don't want to do that shit.
It's run by guys.
You know,
they don't give a shit up to guys.
Beat the shit out of women.
You want to work for those animals.
You want to do,
you going to give your talent to those constant,
they can make money off of you.
Fuck that.
Why don't you become the uh,
foreign or your own sports league?
This is what you do.
You pick a fucking sport.
Women are good at like volley ball,
right?
And it's got the crossover appeal because every guy likes looking at their
fucking thick thighs and their booties.
So we'll be watching to you guys own the fuck and thank you.
Start putting out jerseys right?
Then women go and support it
and then you guys would make great money.
Is that fucking Kurt Rambis speaking and getting close line?
It is.
Oh Kurt Rambis size lost it all in the back.
Has any,
I know that feeling.
Um,
you know it's funny about basketball players is his second,
you put them in suits,
they look like freaks.
Unless the standing next to another eight foot guy,
they really are like,
they are absolute freaks.
A fucking nature.
Yeah.
I remember when I was a kid,
if there was somebody just like shot up one year went from like five,
six to six for the dude was tripping over himself.
Okay.
That's,
that's what big guys used to be like back in the day and you just stuck them
under the hoop and they put their arms up and you threw the ball up to the
ceiling and they caught it and they turn it around and they stuck it in the net.
Like they're playing a nerf gun.
Okay.
Not alike.
They're like fucking a,
yeah.
Oh,
they're coordinating.
So I can imagine.
They always said they've Lebron James ever played fucking football.
Holy Shit.
Okay.
It would be the,
if he catch the ball,
which you know,
we can,
right.
I think he's demonstrated that he has athletic ability to,
that guy would be like the greatest fucking tight end of all time provided he
didn't get his knee blown out.
That's the,
that's the big fucking thing with,
with,
with football.
Oh,
is it bill?
Is it a dangerous game?
It takes its toll on your body.
Wow.
We never knew that bill.
Thanks for fucking Shaman in there.
Um,
anyways.
All right.
That's the,
uh,
that's the Thursday afternoon,
Monday morning podcast just before Friday.
Just checking in on you.
Okay.
Um,
thank you to everybody who's a bought tickets to come out to these shows here in
New York,
and a thank you to the opiod Jimmy show for putting me on this morning and had a
great time going back in there and,
uh,
ah,
man.
Had a lot of good fucking memories on that fucking show.
You know,
I wish it was the way was,
but it isn't,
but it's still a good fucking time.
Um,
all right.
That's it.
Go fuck yourselves.
Have a great weekend.
You can,
uh,
I'll talk to you.
I'm gonna try to do the podcast after,
after,
uh,
Eli Manic game.
I got to,
you know,
I can't,
I can't wait to see,
is he finally going to throw a pick that we hold onto?
Huh?
Oh,
we do.
We have not beat these fucking guys since the last game of 2007.
They've owned us in the Superbowl the pre season,
that season,
wherever you want to fucking play us.
Wherever we want to play them.
They beat our fucking asses.
These are the only guys.
So,
uh,
I dunno,
I think,
I think maybe,
maybe.
Does it end now?
I Dunno.
JPP is back.
Yeah.
Which is fucking unreal.
The guys basically playing with one hand.
Do you think it's smart that they wrapped the whole thing up?
What'd you want to lease?
You use a couple of your fingers to grab onto somebody.
I'm not trying to be a dick here,
but I mean,
can I got used a little bit of his hand?
All right,
I'm going to shut up me and we all know,
Bill.
It's,
yeah,
it's a dump thing.
You,
you know,
you know better than the guys who fucking the trainers for the giants on how to
wrap up his fucking hand.
Okay.
Um,
all right.
That's it.
I overstayed my welcome.
Okay.
And now we're going to play a little bit of music chosen by the,
the,
the wonderfully talented Andrew [inaudible] and we'll go into a throw back
portion of the Monday morning podcast from a time not too long ago or possibly
up to eight years ago.
Sometimes.
I don't know when to get off.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
Yeah,
let's talk about it.
Absolutely.
We fucking,
it enrages me as opposed to everything else that keeps me so nice and fucking
calm.
Um,
somebody sent me a story.
This is unfucking believable.
Some guy goes to jail.
All right.
For Rape Wasn't this Amanda spent 25 years in prison for a crime he did not
commit.
All right?
He went to jail for,
uh,
for the rape of some woman.
And in 2008,
after DNA proved he could not have been the attacker,
he was awarded $4 million compensation.
That's what he got.
$4 million.
Well,
you know,
and,
and sex offenders get treated the worst in prison.
All right?
So that guy,
you know,
let's just say it was just some regular dude.
He's like a fucking,
you know,
construction worker maybe took a couple of karate classes,
whatever.
Now he's in fucking fun to doe.
People want to beat them down.
Somebody is going to try to grape on the stuff we've all seen Shawshank
redemption.
This is what this guy went through for 25 fucking years and they didn't even do
it.
Don't even fucking do it.
So they give the guy $4 million,
he knows something.
Those pieces shit back.
Or mother fuckers are going to come in and tax them and hit them for half of
that.
You know,
that should be taxed fucking free.
But here's where it gets worse.
All right?
The Guy Faces a court battle to keep hold of the money he was awarded for his
wrongful conviction.
Um,
because now his ex wife who divorced him three years into his life sentence has
taken him to court in a bid to get a share of the $4 million compensation.
She claims he owes her the money.
Okay.
That she would have been entitled to had they divorced and shared their assets.
Can you fucking believe this shit?
This guy went to jail for the worst fucking crime.
Okay.
All right.
One of them.
It's gotta be up there if you want to fucking argue about it.
Right.
Okay.
He didn't even do it.
He's sitting there going,
honey,
I didn't do this.
She got to stick by my side.
She hangs in there for three years.
Go Yourself.
I'm Outta here.
Okay.
What do you think she's with doing for the last fucking 22 years?
As far as I can tell,
besides not working on a career,
she's been out there suck in a whole bunch of other dicks.
Okay.
That's what she's been doing.
So now it turns out that this motherfucker didn't do it.
Okay.
If she stuck by his fucking side.
Stop by his fucking side.
This right here was a Hollywood movie,
but she fucking left.
All right.
She left it tillers steak and push smelt all that fucking money.
All right,
this is what I want to know.
Why is it this fucking show on the view right now?
Oh,
one of those shows with all those ways.
Why isn't it on those shows?
Why do they constantly show only guys doing shit to women?
Okay.
You know I get it.
Some fucking psycho throws acid on his ex girlfriend.
You got to expose that guy.
You got to teach people about that shit,
but how about a little bit of fair and balanced reporting?
Yeah.
You think they're going to go after this fucking thing?
You think that those fucking whores saw this story in the green room.
You think they'd be like,
Oh,
you know what?
Maybe we should talk about this.
They're never talking about shit like this.
All they do is talk about when bad shit happens to women and if you,
if I like this shit here that I'm talking about would come off as fucking
misogynistic hatred towards women.
It's unreal.
Well,
you're taking this isolated,
this isolated incident and then,
you know,
I'm not,
this isn't an isolated incident.
Sugar Shane Mosley's getting a divorce,
one of the greatest boxers of all time.
His ex wife not only taken his fucking money,
all right?
She wants the championship belts too and she was awarded them.
This kind of shit happens all the fucking time.
Unfucking believable.
Can you find in after,
you know what the funny thing is she's going to get some money.
Should get money out of it.
Okay.
The same way you hold the door for them,
they don't pay for their fucking drinks.
They turn around and get hammered.
Throw a drink and your face and then the bouncer puts you in a choke hold,
drags you up and then you go to court for disturbing the fucking piece.
And what the fuck does she do?
She,
she's in there feeling justified.
Wondering if if you know she has a lawsuit against you cause she dislocated her
elbow when she threw a beer bottle at your fucking head.
Okay.
Unfucking believable.
I swear to God,
if I could do life over again,
I would be a judge,
you know?
Okay.
And I would have a whole briefcase full of hammers because by the end of the
day,
I would throw them at so many of these cunts fucking heads.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
You know,
I quit.
And then I would just be,
he hates women.
I would be disbarred within two seconds.
Yeah.
Oh,
I would love to be a judge lady.
You might be the most,
if I could throw someone in prison for being an absolutely reprehensible,
incurable fucking money grubbing whore,
it would be you.
Okay.
But I can't,
the law does not allow me.
So why don't you do me a favor in a room full of perverts and scumbags.
You are the worst.
So get out of my fucking courtroom and make it a little cleaner.
You fucking piece of shit.
I don't know.
This isn't even funny anymore.
This is just absolutely fucking ridiculous.
And what's even more ridiculous is the lack of,
okay.
National exposure.
A story like that's going to get.
So you know what?
So let's keep a tally,
shall we?
We'll start with the sugar.
Shane Mosley something,
you know,
he's going through a divorce.
She also has to get the fucking championship belts.
You know why?
Because they match your fucking shoes or because it's a vindictive move and
she's trying to break a myth,
you know?
Okay.
We'll go with like the lighter ones.
Coby.
Brian's getting a divorce.
Okay.
He's worth 380 million.
That means his fucking wife is going to get 190 million.
Probably can't hit a lay up on a fucking nerf hoop set,
you know,
and a bunch of broads will be like,
yeah,
she's entitled to it.
She supported
unfucking believable.
Just robbing these guys fucking blind.
What about that God damn yellow diamonds.
He bought her.
Why don't you go take that down to a pawn shop and live off that for the rest of
your fucking life?
All right there.
Ringless
yeah.
Unfucking believable.
How many more men are going to get sliced in half with these fucking,
I just unbelievable.
It's unfucking believable and they don't do any stories about it.
Okay.
And when you bring it up,
Lo,
you know,
we shouldn't have married her.
Yeah.
She should've ducked.
What if I said that right?
That I'm a fucking asshole.
Ah,
Bill,
where did the Christmas go?
What happened to the holidays?
Joe?
Joe,
fuck,
I can't believe I got to go Christmas shopping.
Unbelievable.
All right,
so there you go.
If you want to look up that story,
we actually got that story from a great website called Barstool sports.
It's all Boston shit.
Uh,
so just to warn you,
if you're a sports fan of other sports,
uh,
but you know,
they do have stories like this.
All right.
Okay.
The guy's name's Steven Phillips.
His ex wife is named Tracy trucker.
Yeah.
Oh,
what a cunt.
Okay.
Do that as first ballot hall of fame.
Cont right there.
No question.
We're waiving the five year rule.
You're going right in.
Awesome.
All right,
let's go to advice for the week.
Uh,
advice late at the office wants it.
Okay.
Hey Bill,
I was wondering if you,
and the lovely Nia,
if she's around,
could help me with an issue I've been having the past couple of months.
It has to do with the fucking lady at work.
Um,
so this girl started at my office a little over two months ago and I've been
training her on basically everything.
So we've been spending a lot of time together Q,
the porno music.
All right.
Um,
now this girl is by no means a smoke show,
but she is cute and she's the type of girl who gets more attractive when he gets
to know her because she's pretty cool.
We have a lot in common,
like musical tastes and we both liked the same beer among other things.
Oh,
so you've obviously gone drinking or at the very least you've discussed,
you know,
going out and having a few.
You know what's so funny about that sir,
you didn't even think of that question.
You addicted you.
Dick is always closing.
Your Dick is always in a two minute offense,
you know,
but you gotta be careful because just like Brett Farve,
it will throw back over the middle for a pick six.
And I think that that's what you're about ready to do.
If you start banging some broad at work,
unless you have the skills.
Let me finish reading this thing here.
All right.
Our job requires a lot of time on the road.
Oh God.
This is just totally set up.
Our job requires a lot of time on the road,
so we have a lot of time to talk to each other while in the car.
Uh,
you're in the car.
She smells good.
She's crossing her legs.
How many times he got in a fucking hard on us.
You've been driving with her,
trying to keep up some stupid conversation as you Dick's.
Go and do it.
Do it.
Um,
anyways,
a lot of what we've been talking about is hookup,
hookups and sex,
and what we both like and don't like.
Dude,
this is a layup.
You're in there.
And as I could have predicted,
a bit of sexual tension began to arise.
What do you mean you could have predicted,
dude,
don't fucking play this game with me.
All right?
You know what?
You're doing
it a little bit of sexual that you fucking created.
You're steering the conversation towards this.
Exactly like you should be doing.
This is right down the checklist.
By the time I get done reading the show,
probably fucking blow a loner.
You're doing everything you can to fuck this girl.
Anyways.
What didn't help the situation was one day when we admit to each other that we
would bang each other if she didn't have a boyfriend.
Oh Jeez.
Dude,
listen.
Before we go any further,
I totally respect what you're doing here.
All right.
What I don't respect is the way your,
you're telling it to me as if this shit is just happening and you're not
manipulating the situation.
Okay?
You totally manipulate the situation.
This is like tee ball.
This is like pussy tee ball at this point.
It's just sitting right there waiting for you to knock it out of the park and it
was all because of the excellent fucking work that you've done.
All right,
I'm going to continue to read this.
but I want to tell you and everybody else don't fucking talk to me like I'm an
idiot.
[inaudible],
you know,
and I had this sexual tension of you,
cause we're sitting there talking about banging.
How did you get on that subject?
What dumb subject was she talking about as you sat there and sort of fucking
forced the conversation,
you know,
not forced,
cause then she would have no,
you just sort of gradually,
uh,
how did you do it?
How'd you compliment a shoes or something?
You know,
that's always a good thing.
You know what the great fucking way,
if you're trying to figure out how to turn the topic to sex and you're,
you know,
you're not in a bar or anything is you actually compliment another woman that
walks by me.
Wow,
there's a beautiful woman I could really,
you know,
and women just find that fascinating.
Why,
what do you like about him and blah blah,
blah blah.
And you start with that as a jump off point and then you're in,
you know,
and you're in,
you're in.
Okay.
Just don't reach out and grab a titty in a moment of fucking reflects though,
because then you'll have a problem.
All right,
here we go.
The sexual tension only got worse as we talked,
as we talked about it more saying what we would do if we ever hooked up with
each other.
Yeah.
First of all,
this girl does not love her boyfriend and uh,
yeah,
this is,
this is over.
This is like a fucking red shoe diaries at this point.
Uh,
meanwhile when we are in the office,
she calls me from her desk,
from her desk to mine and sends me email trying to Chitchat and shit and
basically flirts hardcore a seat right there,
dude,
right there,
right there.
You just had a meltdown in the nuclear plant.
It's starting to spill over.
You got to get this girl under wraps.
This is bad to the point where people have asked if there's anything going on
between us.
Uh,
you sloppy.
You're young and you sloppy.
Uh,
when were out of work.
She texts me constantly,
which gets a little annoying,
but I'd be a liar if I didn't like it because I mean,
who doesn't like flirting with an attractive lady?
You told me before that she wasn't really that attractive.
But after a while she starts getting more attractive.
What?
After she says she wants to suck your Dick.
Ah,
fuck.
You know what this is.
This chick is like a virus and she's already contaminated your entire workspace.
This,
this might be beyond my help.
I don't even know where you're going with this.
Anyway,
it's a situation came to a head one Saturday night when she texted me saying she
wants to be drunk,
honest with me.
I literally said,
oh Jesus to myself,
why you created this situation?
And he goes,
and I asked what she meant.
She went on to say she wanted to make out with me because she's never felt this
way about someone.
And even though she loves her boyfriend who she's about to move in with implants
on marrying,
she doesn't think that making out with me is a big deal.
I kind of brushed it off as a drunk text and when she texted me the next day,
I asked her if she had changed her mind and she said no,
and she still wanted to.
So I asked,
so I asked you this,
sir,
what the fuck do I do?
I know it sucks to be cheated on because I've been cheated on and I don't want
to do that to this dude because I've met her boyfriend once and he's a good guy.
At the same time,
he's not my friend.
Here's where is dick comes in to argue the other side of it.
At the same time,
he's not my friend and therefore I feel I need,
I,
I need to be loyal.
I don't need to be loyal to him by not hooking up with his girlfriend.
I know it'd be a sleazeball move on my part,
but she's old enough to make our own decisions and she has told me it wouldn't,
it wouldn't affect a relationship with him.
Oh Jesus.
Do.
Whether or not she's actually,
that's actually true.
I won't know unless I go through with this and wait for the fallout.
Exactly.
Once again,
she,
she told me she wants to do that.
She wants to,
all she wants to do is make out and not bang,
but I know myself and as a 23 year old guy making out doesn't quite do it for me
anymore.
So I know I'll try to go further.
Let me know what you think.
Thanks in advance.
Love the part Erica.
All right.
The question you got to ask,
you need to ask two questions.
How much do you like your job and to,
can her boyfriend beat the shit out of you?
Does he have any felony convictions or anything like that?
Because this whole thing is going to blow up in your face.
Um,
this is a confused woman.
She doesn't know what she wants to do.
She does not have be in a relationship.
She's fucking,
she's actually using you.
Um,
and you guys are going to fuck.
You might not fuck the first time,
but she gonna fuck.
And then you're going to fuck on a regular basis unless you decide you don't
want to and it's going to get weird.
This is one of these girls,
no matter what,
it's going to get fucking weird.
So,
alright,
I don't know what to tell you here because I don't know all the details,
but the smart move here is to not fuck this woman,
okay?
People already know this sexual tension.
So if you know she has a boyfriend,
they know she has a boyfriend and you're just going to look like a piece of shit
and the whole thing's going to blow up and it's going to be gossip and you've
have any sort of like desire to move up in that country,
your country,
that company,
you're really going to fucking screw that aspect of it up.
Um,
there's plenty of fucking women get 23 years old.
You in the prime me of fucking life.
Go out and fuck somebody else.
All right?
And that whole thing there,
you know,
she's got a boyfriend and you know,
blah,
blah.
I agree with you.
That's not your fucking fault,
okay?
But the thing about it is,
what makes it weird is you're going to see this girl again the next day and the
next day and the next day.
You know what's going to happen is,
you know you're in your head.
You can be like,
yeah,
we just fucking,
cause she said would just fucking,
and she said it isn't a big deal because she said it isn't a big deal.
And you know what?
She's gradually gonna suck you into having a fucking relationship with them and
you're going to have to have to break up with somebody that you're not even
going out with at fucking work and that she's going to make your life a living
hell.
This fucking girl,
not only could she not keep a god damn legs close so you know she can't keep her
fucking mouth shut.
She's going to talk to somebody else and the whole thing's gonna fucking blow
up.
All right,
so my advice to you is don't fuck this girl.
Have a mature conversation with her and say,
look,
it'd be one thing if you were single,
but you're not.
You have a boyfriend.
I feel bad.
I met the guy.
You want to move in with them.
You want to get married?
This is the way you do.
Just sit there.
I just,
I really find you attractive.
I would really love to hook up with you,
but I just,
I can't,
I wasn't raised that way.
You just back out of it that way and just get the fuck out of it,
man.
I'm telling you,
unless you haven't been laid in a while and you don't give a shit about your job
than just fucking bang a right on your goddamn desk in front of the security
cameras,
you know,
puts your website,
write it on your back
and you know what the fucking come right now face.
Give this dirty whore what she fucking deserves.
You know?
But other than that,
I'm telling you the downfall of men.
It's our dicks.
Dicks.
Get us in more fucking God damn trouble than anything else.
And if you can somehow make a rational decision despite they'll fucking moron.
Shit,
your Dick is saying your Dick is like that diva wide receiver on the football
team screaming for the ball every other play,
you know,
and you know,
God damn well it's double coverage.
Okay.
All you need to do is just fucking wind down the last two minutes of the game.
And as you had fucking Douche screaming at you,
what are you going to do?
You know,
that's a tough one.
That's really a tough one.
But I'm,
you know,
if you're going to break up with a,
just act like you're an honorable human being and just say,
I can't do it because you have a boyfriend.
Just say like you believe it and then get out of it and,
and you watch,
you watch what happens.
Okay.
This is still gonna be fallout to that and it's just,
it just feels like weird.
Like you're not like talking to me any more,
bitch.
Fuck you.
You're psycho.
Okay.
You already have a situation on your hands,
please.
By the,
by the way,
I'm actually invested in this emotionally.
Now.
I want to know what happens.
Please let me know if you fucker,
if you don't fuck her.
What happens?
What doesn't happen in all that?
All right.
Um,
Jesus Christ,
Jesus grabs a fucking situation.
[inaudible]
no,
he fucking
Douche bags.
Fucking douchebags trying to get this God damn iPhone for what?
Everybody's going to have one in six weeks.
All right?
They got like fucking,
they got like 20 cargo ships burn off the coast filled with them just,
just in a holding pattern.
Just trying to work up the fucking nerd frenzy.
And what are you doing?
You biting into it?
Go Fuck yourself ghost of Steve Jobs.
Okay?
You want me to buy your phone?
Fuck.
Oh,
put it in the Goddamn store stock.
You're fucking shells.
All right.
When you got plenty of them,
then you fucking call me and I'll go down and get you God damn.
Fuck you mother fucker.
You recently dead,
son of a bitch.
You're going to fucking sit there.
You know it's fucking ridiculous.
I have listened to fucking Bobby Kelly did.
They got plenty of them.
Did go down to the studs and I fucking go down there and they don't have them
and they go,
well,
you know,
we released a couple,
uh,
if you can,
if you go to our website,
dude,
fuck your website,
Sarah.
Don't use that language in this store.
This isn't a fucking store store has stuff that I can buy.
I don't walk into a store and then you tell me to go to a computer back at my
house.
Right.
This is still a store.
Right?
Why don't you fucking call me when you,
when you got the shit that I want.
Sit here.
Play your fucking games.
You know,
I know.
I know that you didn't come up with it with your stupid genius tee shirt.
Okay?
Yeah.
How much of a fucking discount did they give you on,
on the fucking iPhone?
Futile play ball.
How Seth,
for you to sit here and lead people around like this and create this artificial
fucking frenzy for these God damn phones.
Really?
You came out with a new phone and you only made 18 of them.
You fucking cunts.
I'm sticking with the droid.
Hmm.
I'm sticking with this thing.
You know,
I like the droid cause if you want one you could just walk over and buy it.
I want to hear from any of you can'ts who listen to my podcasts.
Go on.
Yeah.
You just go at,
you just glide year and yet you,
you just preorder.
I'm not fucking doing that.
All right.
I got too much shit to do during the course of the day to fucking sit here and
start filling out packing lists like I'm working in their warehouse.
I don't work for those assholes down with the I store.
Whatever the fuck you call it.
Fuck them.
Fuck their phone.
Okay,
I'm going to get one.
I'm going to go one after the first of the year,
but all you dumb fucks out there who spent way too much money on people.
You don't really give a fuck.